# JWS Class

JWS Class Contains methods that apply a digital signature to a JSON Web Token (JWT), using a JSON Web Signature (JWS) data structure. This class creates the signed JWT bearer token, which can be used to request an OAuth access token in the OAuth 2.0 JWT bearer token flow. Namespace [Auth](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_namespace_Auth.htm "The Auth namespace provides an interface and classes for single sign-on into Salesforce and session security management.") Usage Use the methods in this class to sign the JWT bearer token with the X509 certificate.
          * **[JWS Constructors](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWS.htm#apex_Auth_JWS_constructors)**  

          * **[JWS Methods](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWS.htm#apex_Auth_JWS_methods)**  

JWS Constructors The following are constructors for JWS.
          * **[JWS(jwt, certDevName)](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWS.htm#apex_Auth_JWS_ctor)**  
Creates an instance of the JWS class using the specified Auth.JWT payload and the certificate used for signing the JWT bearer token.
          * **[JWS(payload, certDevName)](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWS.htm#apex_Auth_JWS_ctor_2)**  
Creates an instance of the JWS class using the specified payload and certificate used for signing the JWT bearer token.
JWS(jwt, certDevName) Creates an instance of the JWS class using the specified Auth.JWT payload and the certificate used for signing the JWT bearer token. Signature public JWS(Auth.JWT jwt, String certDevName) Parameters

jwt
    Type: [Auth.JWT](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWT.htm#apex_class_Auth_JWT "Generates the JSON Claims Set in a JSON Web Token \(JWT\). The resulting Base64-encoded payload can be passed as an argument to create an instance of the Auth.JWS class.")
    The Base64-encoded JSON Claims Set in the JWT bearer token generated by Auth.JWT.
certDevName
    Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
    The Unique Name for a certificate stored in the Salesforce org’s Certificate and Key Management page to use for signing the JWT bearer token.
Usage Calls the toJSONString() method in Auth.JWT and sets the resulting string as the payload of the JWT bearer token. Alternatively, you can specify the payload directly using JWS(payload, certDevName). JWS(payload, certDevName) Creates an instance of the JWS class using the specified payload and certificate used for signing the JWT bearer token. Signature public JWS(String payload, String certDevName) Parameters

payload
    Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
    The Base64-encoded JSON Claims Set in the JWT bearer token.
certDevName
    Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
    The Unique Name for a certificate stored in the Salesforce org’s Certificate and Key Management page to use for signing the JWT bearer token.
Usage Sets the payload string as the payload of the JWT bearer token. Alternatively, if you generate the payload using Auth.JWT, you can use JWS(jwt, certDevName) instead. JWS Methods The following are methods for JWS. All are instance methods.
          * **[clone()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWS.htm#apex_Auth_JWS_clone)**  
Makes a duplicate copy of the JWS object.
          * **[getCompactSerialization()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Auth_JWS.htm#apex_Auth_JWS_getCompactSerialization)**  
Returns the compact serialization representation of the JWS as a concatenated string, with the encoded JWS header, encoded JWS payload, and encoded JWS signature strings separated by period ('.') characters.
clone() Makes a duplicate copy of the JWS object. Signature public Object clone() Return Value Type: JWS getCompactSerialization() Returns the compact serialization representation of the JWS as a concatenated string, with the encoded JWS header, encoded JWS payload, and encoded JWS signature strings separated by period ('.') characters. Signature public String getCompactSerialization() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
