# getRedirectCode()

getRedirectCode() Returns the HTTP redirect code used when [getRedirect()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_System_PageReference_getRedirect.htm "Returns the current value of the PageReference object's redirect attribute.") is set to true for the PageReference object. Signature public Integer getRedirectCode() Return Value Type: [Integer](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_integer.htm#apex_methods_system_integer "Contains methods for the Integer primitive data type.") Possible Values: 
          * 0 — Redirect using the default redirect action for this PageReference. Typically a JavaScript-based redirection or HTTP 302. Note [Site URLRewriter Interface](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.258.0.apexcode.meta/apexcode/apex_site_urlRewriter.htm "HTML \(New Window\)") implementations pointing to a PageReference with a redirectCode of 0 are not redirected.
          * 301 — Moved Permanently. Redirect users by sending an HTTP GET request to the target location. Includes instructions to update any references to the requested URL with the target location.
          * 302 — Moved Temporarily. Redirect users by sending an HTTP GET request to the target location. Because the redirection is temporary, it doesn’t include update instructions.
          * 303 — See Other. Redirect users by sending an HTTP GET request to the target location. Not commonly used. Useful when the client sends a POST request and you want the client to call the new web page using a GET request instead of a POST request.
          * 307 — Temporary Redirect. Send the same HTTP request, regardless of the HTTP method, to the target location. Because the redirection is temporary, it doesn’t include update instructions.
          * 308 — Permanent Redirect. Send the same HTTP request, regardless of the HTTP method, to the target location. Includes instructions to update any references to the requested URL with the target location.
