# ContentDownloadHandler Class

ContentDownloadHandler Class Use ContentDownloadHandler to define a custom download handler that controls how content is downloaded. Namespace [Sfc](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_namespace_Sfc.htm#apex_namespace_Sfc "The Sfc namespace contains classes used in Salesforce Files.")
            * **[ContentDownloadHandler Properties](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler.htm#apex_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler_properties)**  

ContentDownloadHandler Properties The following are properties for ContentDownloadHandler.
            * **[downloadErrorMessage](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler.htm#apex_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler_downloadErrorMessage)**  
A customized error message explaining why the download isn’t allowed.
            * **[isDownloadAllowed](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler.htm#apex_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler_isDownloadAllowed)**  
Indicates whether or not download is allowed.
            * **[redirectUrl](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler.htm#apex_Sfc_ContentDownloadHandler_redirectUrl)**  
The URL the user is redirected to when the download action isn't available, for applying Information Rights Management (IRM) control, virus scanning, or other behavior. 
downloadErrorMessage A customized error message explaining why the download isn’t allowed. Signature public String downloadErrorMessage {get; set;} Property Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") This message is used if a redirectUrl is not provided. If the download is not allowed, Salesforce will throw a ContentCustomizedDownloadException exception that contains the downloadErrorMessage. isDownloadAllowed Indicates whether or not download is allowed. Signature public Boolean isDownloadAllowed {get; set;} Property Value Type: [Boolean](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_boolean.htm#apex_methods_system_boolean "Contains methods for the Boolean primitive data type.") redirectUrl The URL the user is redirected to when the download action isn't available, for applying Information Rights Management (IRM) control, virus scanning, or other behavior.  Signature public String redirectUrl {get; set;} Property Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") The URL must be a valid relative URL. For example, the redirect can be a custom Visualforce page such as “/apex/IRMControl”. URLs with no path, such as “www.domain.com”, results in an InvalidParameterValueException.
