# InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult Class

InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult Class Contains the authentication type and response for inbound emails. Namespace [Messaging](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_namespace_Messaging.htm "The Messaging namespace provides classes and methods for Salesforce outbound and inbound email functionality.")
            * **[InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult Constructors](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult.htm#apex_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult_constructors)**  

            * **[InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult Properties](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult.htm#apex_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult_properties)**  

InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult Constructors The following are constructors for InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult.
            * **[InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult.htm#apex_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult_ctor)**  
Creates a new instance of the Messaging.InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult class.
InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult() Creates a new instance of the Messaging.InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult class. Signature public InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult() InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult Properties The following are properties for InboundEmail.AuthenticationResult.
            * **[authenticationResultFields](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult.htm#apex_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult_authenticationResultFields)**  
Additional information in authentication result headers. Examples include: name: smtp.mailfrom and value: example.com.
            * **[method](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult.htm#apex_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult_method)**  
The authentication method used for the security check. Possible values include dkim, dmarc, or spf.
            * **[result](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult.htm#apex_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResult_result)**  
The result of the authentication check. When the email service is configured to verify the legitimacy of the sending server before processing a message, possible values include pass or fail. Otherwise, the value returned is none.
authenticationResultFields Additional information in authentication result headers. Examples include: name: smtp.mailfrom and value: example.com. Signature public InboundEmail.AuthenticationResultField[] authenticationResultFields {get; set;} Property Value Type: [InboundEmail.AuthenticationResultField](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResultField.htm#apex_class_Messaging_InboundEmail_AuthenticationResultField "Contains field data from the authentication result response for inbound emails.")[] method The authentication method used for the security check. Possible values include dkim, dmarc, or spf. Signature public String method {get; set;} Property Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") result The result of the authentication check. When the email service is configured to verify the legitimacy of the sending server before processing a message, possible values include pass or fail. Otherwise, the value returned is none. Signature public String result {get; set;} Property Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
