# CalculateTaxRequest Class

CalculateTaxRequest Class Represents a request to an external tax engine to calculate tax. Extends the [TaxTransactionRequest](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_TaxTransactionRequest.htm#apex_class_commercetax_TaxTransactionRequest "Abstract class for storing customer details used in tax calculation and estimation requests.") class and is the top-level request class. Namespace [CommerceTax](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_namespace_commercetax.htm "Manage the communication between Salesforce and an external tax engine.") Usage Keep these considerations in mind when you use this class.
              * If the shouldVoidTax property value is set to true, then the operation returns a response with documentCode property value updated to referenceDocumentCode property value that was originally sent in the request payload. The response also includes the taxTransactionType property value as Void. This indicates that the document specified in the referenceDocumentCode property value is voided.
              * If document is locked or you can't void the tax transaction for any reason, then you can use the Tax Calculation request to perform another transaction such as a Credit Tax request. In this scenario, the response includes the documentCode property value that was sent in the request payload.
              * If the document that's mentioned in the referenceDocumentCode property value isn't available in the tax engine, then an error response occurs with [ResultCode](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_enum_commercetax_ResultCode.htm "Code that represents the results of a tax request made to the tax engine.") value as ReferenceDocumentCodeMissing.
Example See [TaxEngineAdapter Example Implementation](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_interface_commercetax_TaxEngineAdapter.htm#apex_interface_commercetax_TaxEngineAdapter_Example "Refer to the example implementation of the TaxEngineAdapter interface to accept information from a tax engine and evaluate the information to define tax details.") for more details on how to access information from the CalculateTaxRequest class.
              * **[CalculateTaxRequest Constructors](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_constructors)**  
Learn more about the constructors that are available with the CalculateTaxRequest class. This constructor is intended for test usage and throws an exception if used outside of the Apex test context.
              * **[CalculateTaxRequest Properties](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_properties)**  
Learn more about the available properties with the CalculateTaxRequest class.
              * **[CalculateTaxRequest Methods](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_methods)**  
Learn more about the available methods with the CalculateTaxRequest class.
CalculateTaxRequest Constructors Learn more about the constructors that are available with the CalculateTaxRequest class. This constructor is intended for test usage and throws an exception if used outside of the Apex test context. The CalculateTaxRequest class includes these constructors.
              * **[CalculateTaxRequest(taxType)](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_ctor)**  
This constructor is intended for test usage only and throws an exception if used outside of the Apex test context.
CalculateTaxRequest(taxType) This constructor is intended for test usage only and throws an exception if used outside of the Apex test context. Signature global CalculateTaxRequest(commercetax.CalculateTaxType taxType) Parameters

taxType
    Type: [CalculateTaxType](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_enum_commercetax_CalculateTaxType.htm "Shows whether a tax calculation request is for estimated or actual tax.")
    Indicates whether the tax calculation is for estimated tax or actual tax.
CalculateTaxRequest Properties Learn more about the available properties with the CalculateTaxRequest class. The CalculateTaxRequest class includes these properties.
              * **[isCommit](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_isCommit)**  
Indicates whether the tax calculation has to be committed or reported to government authorities.
              * **[shouldVoidTax](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_shouldVoidTax)**  
Indicates whether to void the tax transaction associated with a document that's mentioned in the referenceDocumentCode property value with taxType property value set to Actual and isCommit property value set to true.
              * **[taxTransactionType](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_taxTransactionType)**  
Shows whether the tax transaction is for a credit or debit transaction.
              * **[taxType](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_taxType)**  
Shows whether the tax calculation is for estimated or actual tax wherein only actual tax can be submitted.
isCommit Indicates whether the tax calculation has to be committed or reported to government authorities. Signature global Boolean isCommit {get; set;} Property Value Type: [Boolean](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_boolean.htm#apex_methods_system_boolean "Contains methods for the Boolean primitive data type.") shouldVoidTax Indicates whether to void the tax transaction associated with a document that's mentioned in the referenceDocumentCode property value with taxType property value set to Actual and isCommit property value set to true. Signature global commercetax.CalculateTaxType shouldVoidTax {get; set;} Property Value Type: [Boolean](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_boolean.htm#apex_methods_system_boolean "Contains methods for the Boolean primitive data type.") taxTransactionType Shows whether the tax transaction is for a credit or debit transaction. Signature global commercetax.TaxTransactionType taxTransactionType {get; set;} Property Value Type: [TaxTransactionType](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_enum_commercetax_TaxTransactionType.htm "Shows whether the tax transaction is for a credit or debit transaction.") taxType Shows whether the tax calculation is for estimated or actual tax wherein only actual tax can be submitted. Signature global commercetax.CalculateTaxType taxType {get; set;} Property Value Type: [CalculateTaxType](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_enum_commercetax_CalculateTaxType.htm "Shows whether a tax calculation request is for estimated or actual tax.") CalculateTaxRequest Methods Learn more about the available methods with the CalculateTaxRequest class. The CalculateTaxRequest class includes these methods.
              * **[equals(obj)](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_equals)**  
Maintains the integrity of lists of type CalculateTaxRequest by determining the equality of external objects in a list. This method is dynamic and is based on the equals() method in Java.
              * **[hashCode()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_hashCode)**  
Maintains the integrity of lists of type CalculateTaxRequest by determining the uniqueness of the external object records in a list.
              * **[toString()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest.htm#apex_commercetax_CalculateTaxRequest_toString)**  
Converts a value to a string.
equals(obj) Maintains the integrity of lists of type CalculateTaxRequest by determining the equality of external objects in a list. This method is dynamic and is based on the equals() method in Java. Signature global Boolean equals(Object obj) Parameters

obj
    Type: Object
    External object whose key is to be validated.
Return Value Type: [Boolean](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_boolean.htm#apex_methods_system_boolean "Contains methods for the Boolean primitive data type.") hashCode() Maintains the integrity of lists of type CalculateTaxRequest by determining the uniqueness of the external object records in a list. Signature global Integer hashCode() Return Value Type: [Integer](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_integer.htm#apex_methods_system_integer "Contains methods for the Integer primitive data type.") toString() Converts a value to a string. Signature global String toString() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
