# NotificationSaveResult Class

NotificationSaveResult Class Contains the result of the payment platform’s attempt to record data from the gateway’s notification. Namespace [CommercePayments](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_namespace_commercepayments.htm "Use the CommercePayments namespace to provide a safe and customizable platform for managing customer payments and refunds.") Usage This class is used with asynchronous payments. It is the return type of the NotificiationClient.record operation and contains the result of the payment platform’s attempt to save notification details. The constructor of this class takes no arguments. For example: CommercePayments.NotificationSaveResult nsr = new CommercePayments.NotificationSaveResult(); Example commercepayments.NotificationSaveResult saveResult = commercepayments.NotificationClient.record(notification);
              * **[NotificationSaveResult Methods](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult.htm#apex_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult_methods)**  

NotificationSaveResult Methods The following are methods for NotificationSaveResult.
              * **[getErrorMessage()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult.htm#apex_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult_getErrorMessage)**  
Gets the error message, if any, from the payment platform regarding its attempt to save the notification sent from the payment gateway.
              * **[getStatusCode()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult.htm#apex_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult_getStatusCode)**  
Gets the status code from the payment platform’s attempt to save the notification sent from the payment gateway.
              * **[isSuccess()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult.htm#apex_commercepayments_NotificationSaveResult_isSuccess)**  
Gets the status of whether the payment platform successfully saved the notification sent from the payment gateway.
getErrorMessage() Gets the error message, if any, from the payment platform regarding its attempt to save the notification sent from the payment gateway. Signature global String getErrorMessage() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") getStatusCode() Gets the status code from the payment platform’s attempt to save the notification sent from the payment gateway. Signature global Integer getStatusCode() Return Value Type: [Integer](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_integer.htm#apex_methods_system_integer "Contains methods for the Integer primitive data type.") isSuccess() Gets the status of whether the payment platform successfully saved the notification sent from the payment gateway. Signature global Boolean isSuccess() Return Value Type: [Boolean](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_boolean.htm#apex_methods_system_boolean "Contains methods for the Boolean primitive data type.")
