# Domain Class

Domain Class Represents an existing domain hosted by Salesforce that serves the org or its content. Contains methods to obtain information about these domains, such as the domain type, My Domain name, and sandbox name.  Namespace [System](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_namespace_System.htm "The System namespace provides classes and methods for core Apex functionality.") Usage Use the Domain class to obtain information about the domains that Salesforce hosts for your org. This class only applies to domains hosted by Salesforce, and can’t be used to generate a new domain. Example This code uses the [System.DomainParser](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_DomainParser.htm#apex_class_System_DomainParser "Use the DomainParser class to parse a domain that Salesforce hosts for the org and extract information about the domain.") class to parse a hostname. It then gets the associated domain type. System.Domain d = DomainParser.parse('mycompany.lightning.force.com'); String myDomainName = d.getMyDomainName(); System.DomainType domainType = d.getDomainType();
[/code]

            * **[Domain Methods](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_Domain.htm#apex_System_Domain_methods)**  

Domain Methods The following are methods for Domain.
            * **[getDomainType()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_Domain.htm#apex_System_Domain_getDomainType)**  
Returns the domain’s type, such as CONTENT_DOMAIN, EXPERIENCE_CLOUD_SITES_DOMAIN, or LIGHTNING_DOMAIN.
            * **[getMyDomainName()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_Domain.htm#apex_System_Domain_getMyDomainName)**  
Returns the domain’s My Domain name.
            * **[getPackageName()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_Domain.htm#apex_System_Domain_getPackageName)**  
For a domain that includes the package name, such as a Lightning Component domain or Visualforce page domain, returns the package name. For a domain that doesn’t contain a package name, this method returns null.
            * **[getSandboxName()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_Domain.htm#apex_System_Domain_getSandboxName)**  
For a sandbox org domain, returns the sandbox name. For a production org domain, returns null.
            * **[getSitesSubdomainName()](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_class_System_Domain.htm#apex_System_Domain_getSitesSubdomainName)**  
For a system-managed Experience Cloud site domain or Salesforce Site domain, returns the sites subdomain name. If [enhanced domains](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=domain_name_enhanced.htm&language=en_US) are enabled, this method always returns null. When enhanced domains are enabled, the org’s My Domain name is the subdomain for the system-managed domains for Experience Cloud sites and Salesforce Sites domains.
getDomainType() Returns the domain’s type, such as CONTENT_DOMAIN, EXPERIENCE_CLOUD_SITES_DOMAIN, or LIGHTNING_DOMAIN. Signature public System.DomainType getDomainType() Return Value Type: [System.DomainType](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_enum_System_DomainType.htm "Specifies the domain type for a System.Domain.") getMyDomainName() Returns the domain’s My Domain name. Signature public String getMyDomainName() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") getPackageName() For a domain that includes the package name, such as a Lightning Component domain or Visualforce page domain, returns the package name. For a domain that doesn’t contain a package name, this method returns null. Signature public String getPackageName() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") getSandboxName() For a sandbox org domain, returns the sandbox name. For a production org domain, returns null. Signature public String getSandboxName() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.") getSitesSubdomainName() For a system-managed Experience Cloud site domain or Salesforce Site domain, returns the sites subdomain name. If [enhanced domains](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=domain_name_enhanced.htm&language=en_US) are enabled, this method always returns null. When enhanced domains are enabled, the org’s My Domain name is the subdomain for the system-managed domains for Experience Cloud sites and Salesforce Sites domains. Signature public String getSitesSubdomainName() Return Value Type: [String](atlas.en-us.258.0.apexref.meta/apexref/apex_methods_system_string.htm#apex_methods_system_string "Contains methods for the String primitive data type.")
